hello everyone my name is biting gb into
Saturday the thirtieth of March 2013
which done of course means it's time for
another episode of seat showcase weekly
welcome now if you're into words and
give you loads of loop near spawn and
the loot of which is actually really
really good loop then you are in for a
treat this is going to be a relatively
short seed showcase because we're only
going to look at the default barb soil
type and the seed you want to type into
the seedbox today is bow or bow either
word would work and either way saying it
would work wouldn't it because it works
so yeah boek with a capital B it's in
the description if you want to copy and
paste it all over if you want to copy
and paste it up being rather lazy it's
only three letters you know so oh well
anyway let's go and see what this world
generates shall we okay so when you
generate in this world what you're going
to find you are in a tiger balm with a
desert biome rightness spawn and in the
desert biome you can have some really
cool things spawning all right next to
each other might I point us so if we go
in this note general direction what
we're going to find as you can see is a
desert temple and down here a surface
dungeon right next to the desert temple
and over in that direction an NPC desert
village why next to these two as well so
let's go out and see what kind of loop
this has it is a skeleton dungeon which
is awesome let's go to excavate this
find the chests and we shall see what
kind of new we have okay so we have
ourselves an infinity one enchanted book
so of course you can have infinite
amount of arrows coming out your bow and
we also have a fortune to enchanted book
which is awesome go ahead and get
yourself loads of diamonds per time or
oh I don't think it's quite as effective
as fortune 3 mind so let's go and have a
look at the loot inside this desert
temple right here okay so let's go down
here get rid of the pressure plate so as
you can see we've got three diamonds to
iron ingots and it is one we have a
total of 17 Goulding guts and now a
total of twenty-five gold ingots we now
have three enemies as well and a load of
bone so as you can see we have a crazy
amount of valuables coming out of this
desert of which pretty damn amazing and
the final thing really is to show you
this desert village over here it is
pretty amazing it's a really good size
and of course it has a blacksmith fast
but let's go and see what kind of trades
these guys have I'm pretty sure the
trade aren't seat
they are completely random each time so
you never know you might get something
awesome so I'm just gonna have a look at
the treasure chest in it we are some
food some armor and some obsidian so as
you can see you have loads and loads of
really cool loot just as you start out
the world so really is pretty amazing
and the last thing I wanted to show you
is another desert another desert biome
it's completely not connected to this
one in any way shape or form and this
desert bomb has some pretty insane
things going inside it sounds couldn't
fly there shall we oh my god now on the
way there you're gonna go through this
forest biome which has a pretty nice
little Hill going on here some nice
mountainous voice almost like it came
from beta or alpha and now looks pretty
cool there's like crazy overhangs on
mountains like you used to get alpha
beta I don't miss it oh then how I
always thought the old the old terrain
generation was better it just was in my
opinion it just was so as you could see
next to the forest biome yourself
another desert I'm and in this desert
biome we have ourselves another surface
dungeon let's quickly go as never look
and see what's going on let's see what
kind it is oh my god okay so it's a
zombie dungeon okay let's finally chest
now if i remember correctly I think this
was the dungeon that only had one chest
in it which I guess it is a rare thing
but I'm disappointing at the same time
but look at the amount of buckets you
get so in total we've got seven buckets
a whole crapload of string some
challenge of books diamonds emeralds
here too pretty amazing and that is
pretty much it for this seat showcase
thank you very much for watching please
don't forget to give a video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and of course you can
subscribe if you want to know in the
future videos are out new see turkeys
get new seed showcases go every Saturday
so again subscribe if you don't want to
miss any future ones but yeah that is
pretty much it thanks for watching and I
shall see you guys next time
you